## THESE ARE NOT FORMATTED, just for reference to see what the summaries are about

article1 = '''
When Canadian developer Peter Todd found out that a new HBO documentary, Money Electric: The Bitcoin Mystery, was set to identify him as Satoshi Nakamoto, the creator of Bitcoin, he was mostly just pissed. “This was clearly going to be a circus,” Todd told WIRED in an email. The identity of the person—or people—who created Bitcoin has been the subject of speculation since December 2010, when they disappeared from public view. The mystery has proved all the more irresistible for the trove of bitcoin Satoshi is widely believed to have controlled, suspected to be worth many billions of dollars today. When the documentary was released on October 8, Todd joined a long line of alleged Satoshis. Documentary maker Cullen Hoback, who in a previous film claimed to have identified the individual behind QAnon, laid out his theory to Todd on camera. The confrontation would become the climactic scene of the documentary. But Todd nonetheless claims that he didn’t see it coming; he alleges he was left with the impression the film was about the history of Bitcoin, not the identity of its creator. Since the documentary aired, Todd has repeatedly and categorically denied that he created Bitcoin: “For the record, I am not Satoshi,” he alleges. “I think Cullen made the Satoshi accusation for marketing. He needed a way to get attention for his film.” For his part, Hoback remains confident in his conclusions. The various denials and deflections from Todd, he claims, are part of a grand and layered misdirection. “While of course we can’t outright say he is Satoshi, I think that we make a very strong case,” says Hoback. Whatever the truth, Todd will now bear the burden of having been unmasked as Satoshi. He has gone into hiding. The search for the creator of Bitcoin has dragged into its orbit a colorful cast of characters, among them Hal Finney, recipient of the first ever bitcoin transaction; Adam Back, designer of a precursor technology cited in the Bitcoin white paper; and cryptographer Nick Szabo, to name just a few. Journalists at Newsweek, the New York Times and WIRED, among others, have all taken stabs at solving the Satoshi riddle. But irrefutable proof has never been unearthed.   In the week before the documentary was released, online betting markets had Len Sassaman, a cryptographer who moved in similar online circles to Satoshi, as the most likely candidate to be revealed as the Bitcoin creator. Sassaman took his own life in 2011 at the age of 31, shortly after Satoshi disappeared. The case for Sassaman was first outlined in 2021 by Evan Hatch, founder of crypto gaming platform Worlds. Whenever speculation about Sassaman bubbles periodically to the surface, the spotlight is thrown on his widow, software developer Meredith Patterson, who believes the theory is unfounded. “People used to be really fucking nosy and entitled. I’d get people writing me with a two-page list of dates and locations, asking where I was at such and such a time or place,” says Patterson. “Where do you get off? A complete stranger walking up to a widow and trying to interrogate her. It’s like, fuck off Sargeant Joe Friday.” When Patterson caught wind that the documentary might name her former husband, her first thought was for her parents, whom she worried might be targeted as a way of threatening her into handing over Satoshi’s bitcoin stash. “I called my dad and said: Something weird has happened and it’s not any of our faults,” she says. A friend who works in law enforcement in Belgium, where Patterson now lives, advised her to take refuge in her local police station if she felt unsafe. In the end, the problem was not hers to deal with. “I was relieved for myself and my family that they named Peter Todd,” says Patterson. “But I feel sorry for Peter Todd. Frankly, nobody deserves getting a target painted on their back.” The stance of many Bitcoin advocates, including Todd, is that there is nothing to be gained by the hunt for Satoshi. In the absence of its creator, Bitcoin has evolved under a meritocracy of ideas, in which changes are proposed and decided upon by community vote, they say. Meanwhile, there is plenty to lose for anyone accused of being Satoshi, whether accurately or otherwise. After the documentary aired, emails began to flood into Todd’s inbox. “So far, [it’s] a bunch of people asking for money,” says Todd. In one exchange seen by WIRED, an individual sent twenty-five emails in the span of two days asking Todd to help repay a loan.   Todd expects that “continued harassment by crazy people” will become the indefinite status quo. But he says the potential personal safety implications are his chief concern—and the reason he has gone into hiding. “Obviously, falsely claiming that ordinary people of ordinary wealth are extraordinarily rich exposes them to threats like robbery and kidnapping,” says Todd. “Not only is the question dumb, it's dangerous. Satoshi obviously didn't want to be found, for good reasons, and no one should help people trying to find Satoshi.” Hoback sees things very differently. Though there have been cases where violent extortionists have targeted crypto holders, plenty of people have been unmasked as Satoshi before—and nothing terrible is known to have happened to them, he argues. “I think that the idea that it puts their life [at risk] is a little overblown,” says Hoback. In any case, says Hoback, the identity of the real Satoshi is a matter of public interest. “This person is potentially on track to become the wealthiest on Earth,” says Hoback. “If countries are considering adopting this in their treasuries or making it legal tender, the idea that there's potentially this anonymous figure out there who controls one twentieth of the total supply of digital gold is pretty important.” The main evidence presented by Hoback in support of the theory that Todd created Bitcoin is a forum thread from December 2010 in which Todd appears to be “finishing Satoshi’s sentences,” as Hoback puts it. The topic of that thread—a way to prioritize transactions based on the fee paid—is something Todd would later go on to build into Bitcoin as a contributing developer, responding to a request posted by another forum user, John Dillon, who Hoback alleges to be another of Todd’s alter egos. Some have questioned whether Todd, who would have been in his early twenties when the bitcoin whitepaper was published, would have been capable of developing a sophisticated peer-to-peer digital cash system—a problem that had confounded many talented and experienced cryptographers before him. But in his youth lies the reason for anonymity and pretense, Hoback claims. “Everybody had always thought that Satoshi must have used anonymity because they knew that their invention was going to be a hit,” he says. “But perhaps it was because they wanted to be taken seriously—because they were young.”   It was Todd’s reaction to being confronted with the theory that ultimately solidified Hoback’s conviction in the conclusion he had reached. “The end scene is really about his body language—his expressions. Were you ever caught in a lie? That’s what Peter’s reaction reads like to me,” says Hoback. Repeatedly in the course of the documentary, Todd confesses to being Satoshi, before retreating from the admission. “By the way, everyone is Satoshi,” says Todd, after one such confession. “I was trolling the shit out of him,” Todd says, of the moment Hoback confronts him with the theory that he is Satoshi. In the time since the documentary aired, Todd has moved to counter Hoback with evidence of his own. He provided WIRED with images of himself participating in outdoors activities, like skiing and spelunking, which a superficial look at the metadata would suggest were taken at roughly the same time that Satoshi was posting to the BitcoinTalk forum. (WIRED has not had the images forensically analyzed for signs of tampering, so cannot attest to their value as an alibi for Todd.) The idea that Todd mistakenly completed Satoshi’s forum post from a personal account, instead of logging in as Satoshi, he rejects as “ridiculous.” Only later did Todd change his personal account to his full name; at the time of the supposed slip-up, he was using yet another pseudonym for the account. “If I had actually replied to myself by accident, the obvious thing to do would have been to just abandon that account and make a new one,” says Todd. Todd’s urgent dismissal of the documentary reads to Hoback like an attempt to throw Satoshi-hunters off the scent. “It doesn’t surprise me at all that Peter would go on the offense. He’s a master of game theory—it’s what he does. He has spent a lot of years now muddying the waters,” says Hoback. “He’s an unbelievable genius.” “[Todd] throws so much shit at the wall that nothing sticks,” alleges Hoback. “It's a pretty effective technique—it’s hard
'''

article2 = '''
On August 19, a twentysomething man who goes by the online handle ZachXBT was walking into an airport to board a flight home—which airport, his real name, where home is, he’d rather not say—when he saw an alert on his phone. A sum of bitcoins had just been transferred to a small cryptocurrency exchange, one of many whose transactions he constantly monitors on Bitcoin’s blockchain for signs of criminal money laundering. The alert piqued his interest: This transaction was worth around $600,000, a cash-out of funds that was easily 10 times bigger than the typical trade on that service. When he reached his gate, another ping alerted him to a second transaction on the same exchange worth more than $1 million. Then one for $2 million. As he stood in line to board his plane, ZachXBT hurriedly traced the money on his phone, following it backward in time from one Bitcoin address to another, flagging the suspicious funds and racing to find their origin before the half hour of internet blackout between wheels-up and the plane's Wi-Fi coming online. Before he was in the air, he had determined that the money had come from a crypto wallet that had held hundreds of millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin that hadn't moved since 2012—and that this nine-figure mountain of money was now being hurriedly liquidated at exchanges with high transaction costs that no patient, decade-plus Bitcoin investor would accept. To ZachXBT, the flow of funds immediately looked instead like a giant theft. In fact, as he double-checked his findings, it appeared that someone had stolen around $243 million worth of Bitcoin from one unlucky victim, perhaps the biggest known crypto heist ever to target an individual. “It was such an abnormally large amount stolen from a single person,” ZachXBT tells WIRED. “I had to make sure I wasn't crazy.” Once he was above 10,000 feet with working Wi-Fi, ZachXBT began to trace more outflows of the stolen funds as they were passed through one exchange and coin-swapping service after another. Over the next hours, he raced to graph out the branching money movements as the thieves transferred the coins through more than a dozen of those platforms in an apparent attempt at obfuscating their path. As he followed that trail back to whoever had lost the bitcoins, ZachXBT could see that a portion of the funds had originally come from the now-defunct Genesis cryptocurrency exchange. He direct-messaged the exchange's administrators on X and asked them to put him in touch with the victim, who would ultimately hire him to hunt for the stolen money. By the time his flight had landed, ZachXBT had come to see that there were three main threads of the stolen funds—going to what he believed were three likely culprits. He had also posted a message to his more than 650,000 followers on X, pointing out the theft in progress on the blockchain. He would soon be rewarded with a message from a source who claimed to have clues of the thieves' identities.   Over the next week, working on the case day and night, sleeping no more than four or five hours at a time, and periodically sharing his findings with law enforcement agencies, ZachXBT would identify the alleged suspects behind the theft—two young hackers named Malone Lam and Jeandiel Serrano, both in their early twenties. (ZachXBT also identified another alleged hacker whom WIRED has chosen not to publicly name because the individual hasn't been arrested or charged.) He even obtained a video recording that he says shows one of their screens as the theft was completed and they celebrated their enormous windfall. In his whirlwind investigation, ZachXBT went so far as to track the alleged suspects on Instagram and TikTok, watching one of them blow millions on cars, private jets, and clubs where the alleged culprit spent as much as $500,000 a night.     Less than a month after the alert pinged ZachXBT's phone on the plane, two out of three suspected thieves would be arrested and criminally charged. When ZachXBT finally saw the mug shot of one of the alleged hackers, he says he felt a brief rush of adrenaline. But it passed quickly. “I didn't really feel any special sense of accomplishment,” ZachXBT says. “I was just treating it as any other case.” A Crypto Private Eye for the People If tracing a quarter-billion-dollar theft feels to ZachXBT like just another day on the internet, that's perhaps because he has distinguished himself over the past three years as the most prolific independent crypto-focused detective in the world. Since he began his work as an amateur investigator in 2021, he has traced billions of dollars in stolen funds and scams. By his own count—which he broke down for WIRED in a spreadsheet—his hundreds of investigations have directly led to the recovery of around $210 million worth of criminal crypto proceeds, as well as another $225 million in seized funds he had at least some less-direct hand in helping to claw back for victims. He has called out influencers promoting coins in pump-and-dump schemes, hunted down cybercriminals behind massive crypto heists, and revealed dozens of incidents of North Korean hackers breaching crypto firms or even infiltrating those companies as employees. Throughout all of it, he has been funded almost entirely by cryptocurrency donations in the forms of grants from cryptocurrency organizations and payments from strangers who send contributions to an address he lists in his social media profiles, adding up to around $1.3 million since 2021. “He's a new generation of investigator. He works for the people,” says Joe McGill, an analyst at the Secret Service who has collaborated with ZachXBT. “His success is completely tied to the success of his investigations.”   As ZachXBT has pursued that career as a crypto vigilante, he has also kept his mask firmly in place. Online, he appears only as his avatar, a kind of platypus cartoon figure in a detective's trench coat or sometimes a hoodie. To avoid retaliation from his many enemies in the world of crypto criminals and con artists, he has never publicly shown his face nor revealed his real name or exact age and would only speak to WIRED on the condition that I not try to dig up those identifying details. On some of their early conference calls, McGill says, ZachXBT would not only keep his camera off but even use a voice-changer application, sometimes sounding like a high-pitched “South Park character,” as McGill puts it, or on other occasions deepening his voice's pitch until it reminded him of something out of a horror film. “It was very odd, initially,” says McGill, who at the time worked at the crypto-tracing firm TRM Labs. “But I respected his privacy, because this anonymous guy was doing really great work.” ZachXBT exposes so many crypto criminal scams and thefts on a near-weekly basis, often working far faster than law enforcement agencies, says Nick Bax, a cryptocurrency investigator and founder of the firm Five I's, that Bax has wondered half-jokingly if he might be some kind of bot. “He is a machine,” Bax says. As part of one investigation last year where they collaborated to trace a $60 million theft from a crypto project called AnubisDAO in 2021, Bax gave ZachXBT a list of 500 transactions on a Saturday night, each of which needed to be manually analyzed along with all its connected blockchain addresses. “I figured that would keep him busy for at least a few days,” Bax says. Instead, by early the next afternoon, ZachXBT had gone through every transaction and identified which ones were tied to the theft. “I was shocked,” Bax says. “He definitely had to have been on his computer for 12 hours straight.” Many of the results of ZachXBT's investigations are unceremoniously posted to his account on X. Over time, however, his findings have increasingly gained attention from law enforcement agencies—several of which he now often shares his findings with prior to publication. The result has been real and growing consequences for the targets of that detective work. “As Zach has gotten bigger, there have been financial repercussions and legal repercussions,” says Taylor Monahan, a security researcher at crypto firm MetaMask and one of ZachXBT's closest collaborators on investigations, including the $243 million theft case. “If Zach posts a thread about someone now, and it's a good one, that person is going to get arrested.” From Victim to Whistleblower So how has ZachXBT managed to outrace and out-trace even law enforcement's crypto investigators, despite having no formal training or organizational support? Even he isn't entirely sure. “That's a tough question. I don't know why I'm good,” ZachXBT tells WIRED in a phone interview. He chalks it up to a willingness to work around the clock—crypto markets never close, after all—and a familiarity with analyzing cryptocurrency blockchains that comes from years of poring over those vast ledgers of transactions. “The more you look at the blockchain, like when you eat, sleep, and breathe it, it starts to make more sense over time,” he says. “You can just start to pick up on those connections. I can look at a wallet, and I can profile it and tell you if it's a bad actor within seconds.” ZachXBT says that familiarity with blockchains comes from his years of experience as a crypto enthusiast and trader—and as a victim himself of some of the crypto economy's many traps for unwary investors. Around 2017, he says, he was naively buying thousands of dollars worth of crypto tokens that would all eventually tank in val
'''

article3 = '''
The denizens of cryptoland have erupted into celebration and gleeful told-you-sos after Donald Trump, the self-styled “crypto president,” was voted back into the White House on Wednesday morning. Under the Democratic administration led by President Joe Biden, crypto companies have felt they were being singled out for persecution by US financial regulators and denied access to essential services, like banking. Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris, the current vice president, was viewed by the crypto faithful as complicit by proximity and likely to replicate this strategy. (Harris never declared her intentions towards the crypto industry.) But a victory for Trump marks the start of a promising new chapter, they say. “This election was completely existential for crypto in the US,” claims Nic Carter, a general partner at crypto-focused VC firm Castle Island Ventures. “The first [response] is relief. We have been trying to build businesses with one hand tied behind our backs. I can’t emphasize how hard that is.” Under Trump, the industry expects a far friendlier reception from regulators, says Carter, as well as legislation that sets out specific rules for crypto firms. And if Trump incorporates bitcoin into the US government’s balance sheet, advocates speculate it could stoke demand for bitcoin among other world powers, thereby further inflating the price, which rose to record heights after Trump’s victory was confirmed. In short, to them, everything is coming up Milhouse. “Just ceasing the hostilities would have been immensely positive, but we got something better: a candidate that is overtly pro-crypto,” says Carter. “Last night could not have gone any better.” Some of crypto’s largest companies—among them crypto exchange Coinbase and stablecoin issuer Circle—have insisted during the 2024 election cycle that crypto need not become a partisan issue. But crypto figureheads largely lined up behind the Republican candidate: Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, cofounders of crypto platform Gemini, each donated $1 million to Trump, as did Jesse Powell, cofounder of the Kraken exchange. Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz, whose VC firm a16z has invested billions of dollars in crypto startups, publicly endorsed Trump for the presidency. “We are on the brink of a new American Renaissance,” wrote Tyler Winklevoss in a post on X, after it became clear that Trump had beaten Harris.   On the campaign trail, Trump went out of his way to court their favor. In July, speaking to thousands of bitcoiners at a conference in Nashville, Tennessee, Trump duly sang from the bitcoin hymn sheet, promising to cement the US as the foremost bitcoin mining powerhouse, establish a national “bitcoin stockpile,” and appoint a bitcoin advisory council if reelected. Trump claimed he would turn the US into the “crypto capital of the planet.” In October, Trump went as far as to launch his own crypto platform, World Liberty Financial, which his family has marketed as a way to “make finance great again.” The platform is set to provide peer-to-peer borrowing and lending services of some flavor, though the Trumps have provided few hard details. “If you were a single-issue voter that cares about the growth of sound money through bitcoin, Trump was the clear choice,” says Peter McCormack, host of podcast What Bitcoin Did. By contrast, Harris’s Democratic platform for 2024 did not include any mention of crypto, and she made only a single reference to crypto on the campaign trail, in a pitch to donors in New York City, Bloomberg reported. \"We will encourage innovative technologies like AI and digital assets while protecting consumers and investors. We will create a safe business environment with consistent and transparent rules of the road,” Harris is quoted as saying. Reticence in the Harris camp to take a public stance on crypto was interpreted by industry members as a signal that her presidency would represent a continuation of the bad old times under Biden. “We saw no evidence that she was going to moderate the stance at all,” says Carter. Democrat-supporting members of the crypto industry were left in an awkward position; though they aligned with Harris’ politics, it was conceivable that victory for Trump would be a more beneficial outcome for the sector. “As a crypto entrepreneur, I’m excited about the prospect of a bull market,” says Jonathan Padilla, one of the organizers of Crypto4Harris, a coalition of left-leaning members of the crypto industry. “For crypto in isolation, Trump is probably going to be the much quicker shot of sugar,” says Padilla, even if the president later loses interest.   Although the failure to make a persuasive pitch to the crypto electorate is surely not to blame for Harris losing the presidential race to Trump, concedes Padilla, the crypto industry was able to mobilize its capital to put a finger on the political scale. During the 2024 cycle, crypto firms donated hundreds of millions of dollars to three crypto-friendly super political action committees (PACs)—Fairshake, Protect Progress, and Defend American Jobs—the aim of which was to support crypto-friendly congressional candidates and dislodge the industry’s most vociferous critics. The fruits of that investment became clear on Wednesday. In Ohio, incumbent Democratic senator Sherrod Brown, who is depicted as an arch-villain in crypto circles, was unseated by Republican Bernie Moreno. Through Defend American Jobs, the crypto industry spent more than $40 million in support of Moreno. Meanwhile, according to Stand With Crypto, a nonprofit pushing for bespoke crypto regulation in the US, more than 250 pro-crypto representatives have been elected to Congress. “If there’s one thing that crypto probably will have done very effectively it is influence the House,” says Padilla. With Trump in the Oval Office, the industry expects to benefit from further opportunities to access the corridors of power. Dante Disparte, chief strategy officer and head of global policy at Circle, believes that a Trump government will allow his business to advise on policy in the same way it does in the rest of the world. “My hope and expectation is that we would have equal access to an incoming Trump administration,” says Disparte. Though change will inevitably be gradual, crypto has earned a “victory lap,” says Disparte. “I’m very confident that 2025 can be a breakthrough year."
'''